			       OVERVIEW

This archive contains the sources for five programs (well, actually,
four, since one is a symbolic link):

	delete
	undelete
	expunge
	purge
	lsdel

The programs were written at Project Athena in response to the problem
which many novice Unix users have with accidentally deleting files
they didn't want to delete (Hell, I've done it :-).


			 SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

I've personally compiled these sources under Vax 4.3BSD, IBM AOS 4.3,
Mach on the NeXT Machine (with the "-bsd" flag to the compiler),
Ultrix 3.1 on the DECstation 3100, SunOS 4.0, A/UX, and HP-UX, and I
assume they should compile with minimal trouble on other architectures
(However, I've been told that there may be some problems compiling on
POSIX-compliant architectures; they're being worked on.).  If you make
it compile on another platform and you have to make changes, please
send me patches.


			 WHAT YOU NEED TO DO

1. Compile the com_err library (see below for more details) and
   install it if you want to (you'll have to modify the delete
   Makefile a bit if you don't).

2. Edit the Makefile to fit your site.  See below for details.

3. Compile away!  Type "make" to make without installing, or "make
   install" to install binaries and man pages in the locations you
   specified when you edited the Makefile.


		       CUSTOMIZING THE MAKEFILE

You are probably going to have to do one or more of the following to
make the Makefile work for you.

1. Change the install binary directory and install man page directory
   (and possibly man section).

2. Change the ETINCS and ETLDFLAGS variables to point to the right
   place.  Also, change the COMPILE_ET variable to point to a
   compile_et executable if you haven't installed it somewhere in your
   search path.

3. If your system is SYSV-like (e.g. it uses strchr and strrchr
   instead of index and rindex, or it has memcpy and doesn't have
   bcopy), and your compile doesn't define the symbol SYSV
   automatically, then put "-DSYSV" in the DEFINES variable.

4. You probably won't want to include AFS support, in which case you
   should empty all the variables starting with "AFS".  If you do want
   to support AFS, then set the variables appropriately.


			   COM_ERR LIBRARY

In order to compile delete, you need to get your hands on the com_err
package, which was written by members of the MIT Student Information
Processing Board (SIPB); it should be archived in the same place
delete is.  You should compile the library and compile_et utility that
comes with it and then either install them in a "standard location" on
your machine or modify the delete Makefile so that it knows where they
are.  The delete Makefile does not compile them by default, since they
are already compiled and installed at Athena, so you should compile
and install them separately from delete etc.

The files texinfo.tex and com_err.texinfo in the et sources are
compressed and uuencoded because they have control characters in them.
They have to be uudecoded and uncompressed before using them.  Neither
of them is necessary for just building the library and using it to
build delete et al -- they are just documentation about the library.


			     FINAL NOTES

As usual, suggestions and bug fixes are always welcomed.

My address:

Jonathan Kamens			              USnail:
MIT Project Athena				11 Ashford Terrace
jik@Athena.MIT.EDU				Allston, MA  02134
Office: 617-253-8495			      Home: 617-782-0710

P.S. Please see the file "mit-copyright.h" for copying and
redistribution information.  Copyright 1989 Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.  All Rights Reserved.  Etc.
